Add content to software-design-architecture (#3343)
kamranahmedse/developer-roadmap: src/roadmaps/software-design-architecture/content/100-clean-code-principles/110-keep-tests-independent.md

# Keep Tests Independent

> Keeping tests independent is important in system architecture because it ensures that the tests are reliable, repeatable, and easy to maintain. When tests are independent, a change in one test will not affect the results of other tests.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Keeping tests independent helps ensures that the tests are reliable, repeatable, and easy to maintain. When tests are independent, a change in one test will not affect the results of other tests.
```

Here are some ways to keep tests independent in system architecture:

> 1. Use dependency injection to decouple the test code from the application code. This allows the tests to be run without the need to instantiate the application objects directly.
> 2. Use mocks or stubs to isolate the test from external dependencies such as databases, APIs, or other services.
> 3. Use test data that is self-contained and does not rely on external data or state.
> 4. Use a test framework that supports running tests in parallel, so that the tests can be run independently of each other.
> 5. Use test-driven development (TDD), which involves writing tests before writing the application code. This ensures that the tests are independent and that the code is written with testability in mind.
> 6. Avoid global state and shared mutable state as it may cause unexpected results.
> 
> By following these best practices, the system architecture will be more maintainable, testable, and less error-prone, and it will be easier to run and manage the tests.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
- Use dependency injection to decouple the test code from the application code. This allows the tests to be run without the need to instantiate the application objects directly.
- Use mocks or stubs to isolate the test from external dependencies such as databases, APIs, or other services.
- Use test data that is self-contained and does not rely on external data or state.
- Use a test framework that supports running tests in parallel, so that the tests can be run independently of each other.
- Use test-driven development (TDD), which involves writing tests before writing the application code. This ensures that the tests are independent and that the code is written with testability in mind.
- Avoid global state and shared mutable state as it may cause unexpected results.

```

Learn more from the following links:

> - [Independent Testing in Software Engineering](https://www.geeksforgeeks.org/independent-testing-in-software-engineering/)

Reviewer: ```suggestion
- [Keeping Tests Valuable](https://www.checklyhq.com/learn/headless/valuable-tests/)
```
